I could ask you to dump and you could
say well I don't really like Thomson I
mean I can say well maybe some other
time or I could just not on Vienna is a
noir fiction life we're talking about
carbon and he's practically a stranger
the thing is I just know this is it I
love it I'm not fitting to her like a
little girl
okay right people paralyzed by polio go
blast long can't move anything from the
neck down can't even breathe yourself
how dear lever like this yes you sir I
love you and I want Jonathan to know you
your trunk yes I can
there must be something I can do get me
out of it probably the hospital no one
will help disability exist after dying a
hospital has anyone ever tried robbing
sobbing oh my god
much better five pounces we'll never
make it
you're wrong darling poor teddy
I've had an idea a wheelchair that does
his breathing for himself
are you sure it's safe yeah it's work so
far
Alan Jeremy five pounds huh me bastard
why do you keep your disabled people in
prison no one believes it's possible to
live as you do well we should open the
gates and set them free floating viral
hair up in a well for when there be an
adventure when I first became paralyzed
I wanted to die my wife told me I had to
live
we are some girl your life is my life
[Music]
I don't want to just survive I want and
truly live
[Music]
I'm not I think he should in hospital no
you're quite right
No
[Music]